Add the op CLI in the script (#5)
1Password/load-secrets-action: README.md

# Load Secrets from 1Password - GitHub Action

This action loads secrets from 1Password into GitHub Actions using [1Password Connect](https://1password.com/secrets/) or a Service Account.

Specify right from your workflow YAML which secrets from 1Password should be loaded into your job, and the action will make them available as environment variables for the next steps.

## Usage

> You can configure the action to use either 1Password Connect instance or service account.

Reviewer: Would change this to: ```You can configure the action to use either 1Password Connect instance or a 1Password Service Account. Service Accounts are currently in Beta and are only available to select users.```

Reviewer 2: changed

> You can configure the action to use either 1Password Connect instance or a 1Password Service Account. Service Accounts are currently in Beta and are only available to select users.

Author: We should mention that Service Accounts are in beta. Something like this could do it:
```suggestion
You can configure the action to use either 1Password Connect instance or a 1Password Service Account (currently in beta). Service Accounts are currently in Beta and are only available to select users.
```

We can also bold it if needed.

Reviewer 2: We mention this in the next sentence.
> Service Accounts are currently in Beta and are only available to select users.

> If you provide `OP_CONNECT_HOST` and `OP_CONNECT_TOKEN` variables, the Connect instance will be used to load secrets. Make sure [1Password Connect](https://support.1password.com/secrets-automation/#step-2-deploy-a-1password-connect-server) deployed in your infrastructure.

Author: ```suggestion
If you provide `OP_CONNECT_HOST` and `OP_CONNECT_TOKEN` variables, the Connect instance will be used to load secrets. Make sure [1Password Connect](https://support.1password.com/secrets-automation/#step-2-deploy-a-1password-connect-server) is deployed in your infrastructure.
```

Reviewer 2: fixed

> If you provide `OP_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_TOKEN` variable, the service account will be used to load secrets.

Author: Add note about it being in beta, similar to this note used later in the readme:
_Service Accounts are currently in Beta and are only available to select users._

Reviewer 2: There is already such a note on line 9 above
> You can configure the action to use either 1Password Connect instance or a 1Password Service Account. Service Accounts are currently in Beta and are only available to select users.

> ***Note***: if all environment variables are provided, the GitHub action will use Connect over the service account. Clear the Connect environment variables to make the action use a service account instead.

Reviewer: I recommend changing this line to: ```If all environment variables have been set, the Connect credentials will take precedence over the provided service account token. You must unset the Connect environment variables to ensure the action uses the service account token.```

Reviewer 2: changed

There are two ways that secrets can be loaded:
 - [use the secrets from the action's ouput](#use-secrets-from-the-actions-output)
 - [export secrets as environment variables](#export-secrets-as-environment-variables)

### Use secrets from the action's output

> This approach enables the user to use the loaded secrets as an output from the step: `steps.step-id.outputs.secret-name`. You need to set an id for the step that uses this action to be able to access its outputs. More details about the metadata syntax [here](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/creating-actions/metadata-syntax-for-github-actions#outputsoutput_id).

Reviewer: Change to ```This method allows for you to use the loaded secrets as an output from the step: `steps.step-id.outputs.secret-name`. You will need to set an id for the step that uses this action to be able to access its outputs. More details about the metadata syntax [here](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/creating-actions/metadata-syntax-for-github-actions#outputsoutput_id).```

Reviewer 2: changed

> This method allows for you to use the loaded secrets as an output from the step: `steps.step-id.outputs.secret-name`. You will need to set an id for the step that uses this action to be able to access its outputs. More details about the metadata syntax [here](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/creating-actions/metadata-syntax-for-github-actions#outputsoutput_id).

Author: I'd rephrase a bit the end:
```suggestion
This method allows for you to use the loaded secrets as an output from the step: `steps.step-id.outputs.secret-name`. You will need to set an id for the step that uses this action to be able to access its outputs. For more details, see [`outputs.<output_id>` metadata syntax](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/creating-actions/metadata-syntax-for-github-actions#outputsoutput_id).
```

Reviewer 2: fixed

## Usage

There are two ways that secrets can be loaded:
 - [use the secrets from the action's ouput](#use-secrets-from-the-actions-output)
 - [export secrets as environment variables](#export-secrets-as-environment-variables)

### Use secrets from the action's output

This approach enables the user to use the loaded secrets as an output from the step: `steps.step-id.outputs.secret-name`. You need to set an id for the step that uses this action to be able to access its outputs. More details about the metadata syntax [here](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/creating-actions/metadata-syntax-for-github-actions#outputsoutput_id).

```yml
on: push
jobs:
  hello-world:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v2

      - name: Load secret
        id: op-load-secret
        uses: 1password/load-secrets-action@v1
        env:
          OP_CONNECT_HOST: <Your Connect instance URL>
          OP_CONNECT_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.OP_CONNECT_TOKEN }}
          SECRET: op://app-cicd/hello-world/secret

      - name: Print masked secret

>         run: echo "Secret: ${{ steps.op-load-secret.outputs.SECRET }}"

Reviewer: Can we use a real world example here, rather than echo?

# Load Secrets from 1Password - GitHub Action

> This action loads secrets from [1Password Connect](https://1password.com/secrets/) into GitHub Actions.

Author: This is no longer true. We can load secrets directly from 1Password with service accounts.

Maybe this phrasing is better?
```suggestion
This action loads secrets from 1Password into GitHub Actions using [1Password Connect](https://1password.com/secrets/) or a Service Account.
```

Reviewer 2: Agree. Changed.

Specify right from your workflow YAML which secrets from 1Password should be loaded into your job, and the action will make them available as environment variables for the next steps.

## Prerequisites 

>  - [1Password Connect](https://support.1password.com/secrets-automation/#step-2-deploy-a-1password-connect-server) deployed in your infrastructure

Author: This is no longer a prerequisite, since it only applies when the users want to use the action with Connect.

Reviewer 2: changed

## Usage

> You can configure the action to use either 1Password connect instance or service account.

Author: Connect is capitalized, since it is the name of a product we've built.
```suggestion
You can configure the action to use either 1Password Connect instance or service account.
```

Reviewer 2: fixed

> If provide `OP_CONNECT_HOST` and `OP_CONNECT_TOKEN` variables - connect instance will be used to load secrets.
> 
> If provide `OP_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_TOKEN` variable - service account will be used to load secrets.

Author: ```suggestion
If you provide `OP_CONNECT_HOST` and `OP_CONNECT_TOKEN` variables, the Connect instance will be used to load secrets.

If you provide `OP_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_TOKEN` variable, the service account will be used to load secrets.
```

Reviewer 2: changed

> ***Note***: if all variables are provided the `OP_CONNECT_HOST` and `OP_CONNECT_TOKEN` environment variables will take precedence over `OP_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_TOKEN`. Clear the Connect environment variables to configure a service account instead.

Author: Maybe this phrasing highlights better the message?

```suggestion
***Note***: if all environment variables are provided, the GitHub action will use Connect over the service account. Clear the Connect environment variables to make the action use a service account instead.
```

Reviewer 2: changed

      - name: Configure 1Password Connect
        uses: 1password/load-secrets-action/configure@v1
        with:
          # Persist the 1Password Connect URL for next steps. You can also persist 
          # the Connect token using input `connect-token`, but keep in mind that 
          # every single step in the job would then be able to access the token.
          connect-host: https://1password.acme.com

      - name: Load Docker credentials
        id: load-docker-credentials
        uses: 1password/load-secrets-action@v1
        env:
          OP_CONNECT_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.OP_CONNECT_TOKEN }}
          DOCKERHUB_USERNAME: op://app-cicd/docker/username
          DOCKERHUB_TOKEN: op://app-cicd/docker/token

      - name: Login to Docker Hub
        uses: docker/login-action@v1
        with:
          username: ${{ steps.load-docker-credentials.outputs.DOCKERHUB_USERNAME }}
          password: ${{ steps.load-docker-credentials.outputs.DOCKERHUB_TOKEN }}

      - name: Build and push Docker image
        uses: docker/build-push-action@v2
        with:
          push: true
          tags: acme/app:latest
```
</details>

### Export secrets as environment variables

> In this approach, the user can access the loaded secrets as environment variables. These environment variables are accessible at a job level.

Reviewer: Change to: ```This method, allows the action to access the loaded secrets as environment variables. These environment variables are accessible at a job level.```

Reviewer 2: changed

## Masking

Similar to regular GitHub repository secrets, fields from 1Password will automatically be masked from the GitHub Actions logs too.
So if one of these values accidentally gets printed, it'll get replaced with `***`.

## 1Password Configuration

To use the action with Connect, you need to have a [1Password Connect](https://support.1password.com/secrets-automation/#step-1-set-up-a-secrets-automation-workflow) instance deployed somewhere.
To configure the action with your Connect host and token, set the `OP_CONNECT_HOST` and `OP_CONNECT_TOKEN` environment variables.  

> To configure the action with your service account token, set the `OP_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_TOKEN` environment variable.

Reviewer: WE should add a note here again that service accounts are currently in beta and are only available to select users at this time

Reviewer 2: added a note

## Masking

Similar to regular GitHub repository secrets, fields from 1Password will automatically be masked from the GitHub Actions logs too.
So if one of these values accidentally gets printed, it'll get replaced with `***`.

## 1Password Configuration

> To use the action, you may need to have a [1Password Connect](https://support.1password.com/secrets-automation/#step-1-set-up-a-secrets-automation-workflow) instance deployed somewhere.
> To configure the action with your Connect URL and a Connect token, you can set the `OP_CONNECT_HOST` and `OP_CONNECT_TOKEN` variables. 
> If you provide `OP_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_TOKEN` you can skip connect setup as action will use your service account instead.

Author: This part is a bit confusing. Does the user really need 1Password Connect deployed or not? Maybe this suggestion says it clearer when it's needed? Also, I've rephrased some of it to be consistent.

```suggestion
To use the action with Connect, you need to have a [1Password Connect](https://support.1password.com/secrets-automation/#step-1-set-up-a-secrets-automation-workflow) instance deployed somewhere.
To configure the action with your Connect host and token, set the `OP_CONNECT_HOST` and `OP_CONNECT_TOKEN` environment variables. 
To configure the action with your service account token, set the `OP_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_TOKEN` environment variable.
```

Reviewer 2: changed

        with:
          connect-host: <Your Connect instance URL>
          connect-token: ${{ secrets.OP_CONNECT_TOKEN }}

>           service-account-token: ${{ secrets.OP_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_TOKEN }}

Author: Adding both configurations in this example is not a great practice. I'd rather provide two examples: one with Connect and one with Service Accounts instead.

Another solution is to just remove it from this example.

Reviewer 2: removed
